You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Is there a way to upload large
collections of data into Pleiades?

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  Is there a way to upload large collections of data into Pleiades?

Creators: [Sean Gillies](/author/sgillies)

Contributors: [Brian Turner](/author/bdturner), [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:52 PM

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

At present, no. But we're working on it and would be grateful for your
feedback.

Pleiades has multiple [users](../../credits/) and [partners](../../docs/using-
our-data "Using Our Data" ) that want to make data contributions in bulk, but
we don't have the wherewithal to support multiple input data formats or do the
conversions from multiple formats. We're going to standardize on one single
format that is very much like the format for [our daily CSV
dumps](../../downloads "Data for download" ).

In the interest of soliciting suggestions, questions, and other feedback
during the design phase, we have posted the draft specification, process
description, and related materials online at
<https://github.com/isawnyu/pleiades-update-overlays/blob/master/README.rst>.

What we're describing isn't a web API for Pleiades (something we'd like to
develop in the future). Rather, it's a way to describe a set of pre-reviewed
changes that can be attached as a CSV file to a [content development
project](../../docs/content-development-projects "Content Development
Projects" ) and then incorporated into Pleiades by a script run and supervised
by a member of the Pleiades technical team. It's designed for making many
(100-1000+) changes on a theme: adding the missing attested forms of names,
adding references, making connections between places, etc.

Your feedback is gratefully appreciated, and we'll be happy to provide more
specific examples based on the feedback we get.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:52 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/versions_history_form?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=7&two=6 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Feb 07, 2013 03:15 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/versions_history_form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=6&two=5 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 15, 2012 05:18 PM 

fixed dumb link

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 15, 2012 05:18 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 15, 2012 05:17 PM 

rewrote to reflect current state of affairs and point people to the github
draft-in-progress

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:09 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:09 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 24, 2011 04:50 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/batch-
upload/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

