You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Is there a big map I can see all the
sites on?

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap?from=tom.elliott%40nyu
.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to navigation](ht
tp://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-navigation-tree)

#  Is there a big map I can see all the sites on?

tags:  [using](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=using),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Contributors: [Brian Turner](/author/bdturner)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Jun 14, 2013 02:22 PM

Pleiades has a couple of internal options for maps with multiple places on
them. Some of our partners also provide other options.

Pleiades does have a "full map", but be forewarned: it's very rough. [Our
nightly exports](../downloads "Data for download" ) include a dump in KML
format that will overlay Pleiades locations over the globe in Google Earth
(and other applications). There's very little cartography employed in this KML
"map", but it's internet accessible and filled with direct links to Pleiades
resources. Every collection in
[http://pleiades.stoa.org/collections](../collections) provides the same type
of KML map.

To use Pleiades data to make custom maps for classroom use, or for print or
digital publications, you can try using [the collections feature of
Pleiades](../docs/collecting-places) to gather points of relevance, or you can
try out the [Antiquity À-la-carte web
application](http://awmc.unc.edu/wordpress/alacarte/), which is run by our
partners at the [Ancient World Mapping Center at the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill](../docs/using-our-data/ancient-world-mapping-center
"Ancient World Mapping Center" ) and which includes not only all published
Pleiades content, but also historical river and coastline data derived from
the _Barrington Atlas of the Greek and Roman World._

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 14, 2013 02:22 PM 

updated

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/versions_history_for
m?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=6&two=5
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:53 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/versions_history_for
m?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=5&two=4
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Feb 07, 2013 03:06 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/versions_history_for
m?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=4&two=3
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 05:17 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/versions_history_for
m?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=3&two=2
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 05:16 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/versions_history_for
m?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=2&two=1
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 05:16 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/versions_history_for
m?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=1&two=0
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 24, 2011 04:48 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/versions_history_for
m?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/bigmap/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

