You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Collecting Places

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  Collecting Places

tags:  [using](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=using),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Creators: [Sean Gillies](/author/sgillies)

Contributors: [Brian Turner](/author/bdturner), [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:50 PM

How to save, tend, and share collections of places

Pleiades has a type of content object called a _collection_. This is a highly
configurable and persistent searching and sorting tool with folder-like
properties. _Collections_ are our best way to gather together related places
(or other objects) and share them with others. This document will explain how
to use them.

## Introduction to using collections

Section [5\. Using
Collections](http://plone.org/documentation/manual/plone-3-user-manual/using-
collections) in the Plone 3 Manual is required reading. In the examples below,
it will be assumed that you've at least skimmed that documentation. It's only
a couple pages, so go do it now.

## Starting with search

A search of the site is a good way to get started. For example, say you want
to collect some places that cite Wikipedia. Browse to the search form, type
"Wikipedia" in the Cites field of the Authorship, Citation, and Provenance tab
and search for [places that cite
Wikipedia](../search?portal_type=Place&Cites=Wikipedia).

![search-results.jpg](images/search-results.jpg/image_large)

There's a new element in this page: an embedded list of short names (or _ids_)
for all items in this single batch of 30 search results. Select all those
names, copy them to your clipboard, or just leave this browser tab or window
untouched and open a new one for the next step.

![copy-names.jpg](images/copy-names.jpg/image_large)

## Creating a collection

Go to your personal folder by following the link in the upper right corner of
every page and seek "Smart Folder" (another name for _collections_) in the
_Add new..._ menu.

![create-action.jpg](images/create-action.jpg/image_large)

Give the new object a good title and description. Add some annotation or
narrative to the Body Text field if you'd like. More metadata can be added via
the Categorization tab.

![create-form.jpg](images/create-form.jpg/image_large)

Click save at the bottom of the form and you will be redirected to the default
view of this collection at its new URI.

![new-collection.jpg](images/new-collection.jpg/image_large)

As it says, there are currently no criteria on which to search, and therefore
no results. Click on the Criteria tab to add one that will hold all of the
short names we've copied above.

## Short name criteria

No criteria are defined yet for this collection. Select "Short Name" from the
Field name list as shown below.

![adding-criteria.jpg](images/adding-criteria.jpg/image_large)

Then click the "Add criteria" button. You will be offered a form for entering
values for all criteria.

![empty-field.jpg](images/empty-field.jpg/image_large)

Paste into the Values field the copied list of short names.

![values-entered.jpg](images/values-entered.jpg/image_large)

Click save. If you want to add more short names, copy more and paste them to
the end of this list. Is there a limit? No hard limit, but collections don't
scale well to hundreds of items. It will be best to keep the number of short
name values under 100. You can return to this form as often as you like to add
or remove values and thereby tend the collection.

## Share the collection

Click on the View tab (left of Criteria and Edit tabs) and the Pleiades
catalog is searched using your criteria. The results are shown like so.

![final-view.jpg](images/final-view.jpg/image_large)

You automatically get a KML representation of collected places that you can
download and use in Google Earth. However, because your collection is in the
private state, it can't be accessed by anyone other than you and the managers
of Pleiades. Select "Publish" from the State action and your collection can be
viewed, but not edited, by others. The KML link can then be used in Google
Maps, for example: <http://g.co/maps/mu3n7>.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:50 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=8&two=7 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Jan 24, 2013 01:38 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=7&two=6 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 03:47 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=6&two=5 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Mar 17, 2012 03:18 PM 

Tag help

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Mar 17, 2012 03:18 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Mar 16, 2012 04:39 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Mar 16, 2012 02:34 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Mar 15, 2012 05:23 PM 

Add first two images

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Mar 14, 2012 04:32 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/collecting-
places/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

