You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Is Pleiades like Google Maps or
Google Earth?

[Skip to
content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to navigation](http://pleia
des.stoa.org/help/gmaps?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-navigation-tree)

#  Is Pleiades like Google Maps or Google Earth?

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase) Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing
and remixing permitted under terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:54 PM

tags:  [concept](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=concept),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Pleiades is more like "Google Places". We'd like our [Pont
Julien](../places/149500/), for example, to be the foremost resource on the
web for that ancient place. A big difference is that Pleiades places are
designed to be research and reference information hubs, not commercial
information hubs.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:54 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/versions_history_form
?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/@@history?one=3&two=2
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 05:06 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/versions_history_form
?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/@@history?one=2&two=1
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 05:06 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/versions_history_form
?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/@@history?one=1&two=0
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 24, 2011 04:47 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/versions_history_form
?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gmaps/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

