You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  How to track changes in Pleiades

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  How to track changes in Pleiades

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase) Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing
and remixing permitted under terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License (cc-by).

Last modified  Jun 14, 2013 04:10 PM

tags:  [using](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=using),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Pleiades provides a number of ways for keeping track of what's recently been
added to or changed in Pleiades. Here's an overview.

## The Changes Feed

On the [Pleiades splash page,](../.) you can click on the "about" link below
the map to go to the [Pleiades Home Page](../home). There you'll see a map of
"Recently Modified Resources" with a link below it to "[open full
screen](../map_recent)". In the text to the right of the map, under the
heading "About Pleiades" you'll find a number of links, one of which takes you
to a page listing the "most recently modified" resources (i.e., our [Changes
page](../news/changes)). There are links at the top of the listing on the
Changes page to two other formats: "download KML" (so you can view those
changes in Google Earth) and "download Atom+GeoRSS" (so you can view those
changes in a feed reader or other Atom-enabled piece of software. The contents
of the Changes feed (in all formats) is conditioned on your login state and
permissions (anonymous users will only see published content) and it
summarizes anything that's been changed (places, names, locations, etc.).

## Search Results

If you want a more tailored feed, you can get an HTML page or corresponding
feed in either KML or RSS. Just visit the [Advanced Search
Form](../search_form), enter your parameters of interest, click the "search"
button and wait for the results. At the bottom of your results page, you
should find links to the "always updated" feed versions, which you can grab
for other uses. Here's an example listing all places published in the last
month :

  * [Pleiades places published in the last month (HTML view)](../search?SearchableText=&Title=&Description=&Subject_usage%3Aignore_empty=&getFeatureType_usage%3Aignore_empty=&Creator=&Contributors=&Provenance=&Cites=&lowerLeft=&upperRight=&predicate=intersection&tolerance=0.0&limit=1&created%3Alist%3Adate=2013%2F05%2F13&created_usage=range%3Amin&portal_type%3Alist=Place&review_state%3Alist=published&fieldsets%3Alist=basic&fieldsets%3Alist=categories&fieldsets%3Alist=authciteprov&fieldsets%3Alist=geo&fieldsets%3Alist=workflow&form.submitted=1&submit=Advanced+Search)
  * [Pleiades places published in the last month (RSS feed)](../search_rss?SearchableText=&Title=&Description=&Subject_usage%3Aignore_empty=&getFeatureType_usage%3Aignore_empty=&Creator=&Contributors=&Provenance=&Cites=&lowerLeft=&upperRight=&predicate=intersection&tolerance=0.0&limit=1&created%3Alist%3Adate=2013%2F05%2F13&created_usage=range%3Amin&portal_type%3Alist=Place&review_state%3Alist=published&fieldsets%3Alist=basic&fieldsets%3Alist=categories&fieldsets%3Alist=authciteprov&fieldsets%3Alist=geo&fieldsets%3Alist=workflow&form.submitted=1&submit=Advanced+Search)
  * [Pleiades places published in the last month (KML)](../search_kml?SearchableText=&Title=&Description=&Subject_usage%3Aignore_empty=&getFeatureType_usage%3Aignore_empty=&Creator=&Contributors=&Provenance=&Cites=&lowerLeft=&upperRight=&predicate=intersection&tolerance=0.0&limit=1&created%3Alist%3Adate=2013%2F05%2F13&created_usage=range%3Amin&portal_type%3Alist=Place&review_state%3Alist=published&fieldsets%3Alist=basic&fieldsets%3Alist=categories&fieldsets%3Alist=authciteprov&fieldsets%3Alist=geo&fieldsets%3Alist=workflow&form.submitted=1&submit=Advanced+Search)

If you're interested in knowing not only when the general information about
places is changed, but also when new sets of coordinates (i.e., locations) are
published, then you can build [a search for both locations and places](../sear
ch?SearchableText=&Title=&Description=&Subject_usage%3Aignore_empty=&getFeatur
eType_usage%3Aignore_empty=&Creator=&Contributors=&Provenance=&Cites=&lowerLef
t=&upperRight=&predicate=intersection&tolerance=0.0&limit=1&created%3Alist%3Ad
ate=2013%2F05%2F13&created_usage=range%3Amin&portal_type%3Alist=Location&porta
l_type%3Alist=Place&review_state%3Alist=published&fieldsets%3Alist=basic&field
sets%3Alist=categories&fieldsets%3Alist=authciteprov&fieldsets%3Alist=geo&fiel
dsets%3Alist=workflow&form.submitted=1&submit=Advanced+Search) ([RSS](../searc
h_rss?SearchableText=&Title=&Description=&Subject_usage%3Aignore_empty=&getFea
tureType_usage%3Aignore_empty=&Creator=&Contributors=&Provenance=&Cites=&lower
Left=&upperRight=&predicate=intersection&tolerance=0.0&limit=1&created%3Alist%
3Adate=2013%2F05%2F13&created_usage=range%3Amin&portal_type%3Alist=Location&po
rtal_type%3Alist=Place&review_state%3Alist=published&fieldsets%3Alist=basic&fi
eldsets%3Alist=categories&fieldsets%3Alist=authciteprov&fieldsets%3Alist=geo&f
ieldsets%3Alist=workflow&form.submitted=1&submit=Advanced+Search), [KML](../se
arch_kml?SearchableText=&Title=&Description=&Subject_usage%3Aignore_empty=&get
FeatureType_usage%3Aignore_empty=&Creator=&Contributors=&Provenance=&Cites=&lo
werLeft=&upperRight=&predicate=intersection&tolerance=0.0&limit=1&created%3Ali
st%3Adate=2013%2F05%2F13&created_usage=range%3Amin&portal_type%3Alist=Location
&portal_type%3Alist=Place&review_state%3Alist=published&fieldsets%3Alist=basic
&fieldsets%3Alist=categories&fieldsets%3Alist=authciteprov&fieldsets%3Alist=ge
o&fieldsets%3Alist=workflow&form.submitted=1&submit=Advanced+Search)). If
toponomy's your thing, then you might prefer to know only about [newly changed
and published names](../search?SearchableText=&Title=&Description=&Subject_usa
ge%3Aignore_empty=&getFeatureType_usage%3Aignore_empty=&Creator=&Contributors=
&Provenance=&Cites=&lowerLeft=&upperRight=&predicate=intersection&tolerance=0.
0&limit=1&created%3Alist%3Adate=2013%2F05%2F13&created_usage=range%3Amin&porta
l_type%3Alist=Name&review_state%3Alist=published&fieldsets%3Alist=basic&fields
ets%3Alist=categories&fieldsets%3Alist=authciteprov&fieldsets%3Alist=geo&field
sets%3Alist=workflow&form.submitted=1&submit=Advanced+Search) ([RSS](../search
_rss?SearchableText=&Title=&Description=&Subject_usage%3Aignore_empty=&getFeat
ureType_usage%3Aignore_empty=&Creator=&Contributors=&Provenance=&Cites=&lowerL
eft=&upperRight=&predicate=intersection&tolerance=0.0&limit=1&created%3Alist%3
Adate=2013%2F05%2F13&created_usage=range%3Amin&portal_type%3Alist=Name&review_
state%3Alist=published&fieldsets%3Alist=basic&fieldsets%3Alist=categories&fiel
dsets%3Alist=authciteprov&fieldsets%3Alist=geo&fieldsets%3Alist=workflow&form.
submitted=1&submit=Advanced+Search)).

More information about how to set search parameters is available in our help
documents: [How to search for things in Pleiades](how-to-search "How to search
for things in Pleiades" ) and [Using Advanced Search](using-advanced-search
"Using Advanced Search" ).

## Blog Posts

Of course, the _[Pleiades Project Blog](../news/blog)_ also has [an RSS
feed](../news/blog/RSS) (just blog posts, not places, names, or locations).

## Issue Tracker

The [Pleiades Site Issue Tracker](../docs/site-issue-tracker "Pleiades Site
Issue Tracker" ) (implemented with the Plone add-on product called Poi) has
ubiquitous support for RSS feeds as well (just tracked issues).

## Other

The big map on the [Pleiades splash page](../) features a randomized mix of
recently changed and older Pleiades content, but that's not a systematic way
to see what's new or changed.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 14, 2013 04:10 PM 

mention blog and issue tracker feeds

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 14, 2013 04:10 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 14, 2013 03:56 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 14, 2013 03:56 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 14, 2013 03:55 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 14, 2013 03:53 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-track-changes-in-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

