You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  How to login to Pleiades

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  How to login to Pleiades

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase) Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing
and remixing permitted under terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License (cc-by).

Last modified  May 06, 2015 10:19 AM

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[video](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=video),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

This video (with transcript) provides a quick overview of procedures for
logging into the website of the Pleiades gazetteer of ancient places. This
video also covers procedures for requesting a username and password. For
existing users, it presents the steps to follow if you need to reset a
forgotten password.

[**Click here to view this video through _YouTube_**](https://youtu.be/H5JK-
ZQ_giU). Running time: 4:24.

### Transcript

In order to login to [the _Pleiades_ website](../), click the join/login
button on the _Pleiades_ front page.

If you do not yet have a _Pleiades_ account, you can follow the “registration
instructions” link in the “new users” section of the login form to visit [the
“welcome” page](../welcome "Welcome to Pleiades" ). There you will find out
how to request a _Pleiades_ account.

You can also click the “join” link at the top of any page to get there.

There is also a “Log In” link at the top of every page. It takes you directly
to [the login form](../login_form).

If you have forgotten your password, please follow the “Forgot Your Password”
instructions on the login page.

Once you have a working username and password, simply fill out the “login”
form in order to login.

Each successful attempt to login is acknowledged in an information block at
the top of the main content portion of the page. You will also notice that
your name has appeared among the links near the top right-hand corner of the
page.

Please note that it is not necessary to request a _Pleiades_ account in order
to [view](../welcome "Welcome to Pleiades" ) or [download](download "Download
the Full Dataset" ) published _Pleiades_ information. All published _Pleiades_
content is freely available under the terms of an open-access license.
Pleiades logins are provided to individuals who express an interest in
improving and adding to the content of the gazetteer. We welcome any and all
requests for logins that are made in good faith; however, anonymous use and
reuse of gazetteer content is equally encouraged.

For more information, please visit [the _Pleiades_ “help and information”
section](help-and-information "Help and Information" ) by clicking on the
“help” link at the top of any page. Once on the “help and information” page,
inspect the “Frequently asked questions” section in the right-hand column.
Click on [the entry labeled “Do I need a _Pleiades_ account to see published
_Pleiades_ content?”](anonymous "Do I need a Pleiades account to see published
Pleiades content?" ). The resulting page gives you some links to help you get
started finding the content you’re interested in.

This concludes the _Pleiades_ video entitled “How to login to Pleiades.”

If you have further questions, we encourage you to visit the “help and
information” section on the _Pleiades_ website. There you will find a variety
of documents and videos covering other aspects of the _Pleiades_ gazetteer.

[_Pleiades_ contributors](../credits) who already have _Pleiades_ accounts and
usernames are encouraged to post questions to the _Pleiades_ Community list.
You received information about this list when your account credentials were
provided. In addition, any person with a question or a suggestion is welcome
to write, via email, to the Managing Editors at pleiades.admin@nyu.edu.

Thank you for your interest in the _Pleiades_ gazetteer of ancient places.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 06, 2015 10:17 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 06, 2015 10:15 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 06, 2015 10:13 AM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-login-to-
pleiades/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

