You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Pleiades and Linked Open Data

[Skip to
content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-navigation-tree)

#  Pleiades and Linked Open Data

tags:  [concept](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=concept),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase) Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing
and remixing permitted under terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:07 PM

Pleiades is a leading participant in the effort to create and sustain a
subgraph of linked open data about the ancient world.

See the following pages for complete information on linked data available from
Pleiades:

  * [Linked Data for Pleiades Places](../Members/sgillies/news-items/linked-data-for-pleiades-places "Linked Data for Pleiades Places" )
  * [Linked Data for Barrington Atlas Grids](../Members/sgillies/news-items/linked-data-for-barrington-atlas-grids "Linked Data for Barrington Atlas Grids" )

Or just jump directly to [our downloads page](../downloads) to get the whole
RDF dump as a single file.

Check out [our partner project Pelagios](../docs/using-our-data/pelagios),
which provides encoding guidance, a dataset browse interface, and a SPARQL
endpoint for web resources that use Pleiades identifiers to link their content
on the basis of shared geographical relevance.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:07 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=8&two=7
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 05:11 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=7&two=6
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 05:10 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=6&two=5
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 05:10 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=5&two=4
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jul 20, 2012 03:01 PM 

added link to downloads

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=4&two=3
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jul 20, 2012 02:59 PM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=3&two=2
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 18, 2011 09:13 AM 

Updated to reflect the new linked data reality!

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=2&two=1
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 18, 2011 09:10 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=1&two=0
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 24, 2011 04:47 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/lod/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

