You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  How does one cite the Tabula
Peutingeriana?

[Skip to
content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to navigation](http://pleia
des.stoa.org/help/tpeut?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-navigation-tree)

#  How does one cite the Tabula Peutingeriana?

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Contributors: [Brian Turner](/author/bdturner)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:42 PM

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[contributing](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=contributing),
[references](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=references)

The so-called "Peutinger Map" is a primary source for a number of names and
variants, and there is now an excellent online edition (Talbert) that can be
cited.

If you wish to cite the Peutinger Map as a witness to a particular name
variant, please follow these procedures:

  1. Find the appropriate variant in [Richard Talbert's TPeut features database](http://www.cambridge.org/us/talbert/talbertdatabase/prm.html) and copy the URI for the appropriate page (e.g., <http://www.cambridge.org/us/talbert/talbertdatabase/TPPlace997.html>). Note also the "Segment Grid" value (in this example, "2A5").
  2. Add or check out and edit a Pleiades name resource.
  3. Fill out the various fields appropriately.
  4. Add a reference to the name resource ("References" tab). [See FAQ 21 for overall guidance on references](21).
  5. In the "Reference identifier" field, paste in the Talbert URI.
  6. In the "Specific citation" field, type a human-readable reference that incorporates both the "Segment Grid" value and the integer following the string "TPPlace" in the Talbert URI. So, for example: "TP 2A5 (Talbert 997)".
  7. Set "Citation Type" to "Cites as evidence"
  8. Click "Save" 
  9. Submit for review.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:42 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=10#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=10)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=10&two=9
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Feb 07, 2013 03:12 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=9#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=9)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=9&two=8
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:35 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=8&two=7
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 29, 2012 12:41 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=7&two=6
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 29, 2012 12:40 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=6&two=5
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 29, 2012 12:40 PM 

modify title

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=5&two=4
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 27, 2012 06:33 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=4&two=3
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 27, 2012 06:20 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=3&two=2
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 27, 2012 06:20 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=2&two=1
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 27, 2012 06:15 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=1&two=0
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 27, 2012 06:13 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/versions_history_form
?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

