You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Using Advanced Search

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  Using Advanced Search

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase) Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing
and remixing permitted under terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License (cc-by).

Last modified  Apr 24, 2013 06:54 PM

tags:  [using](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=using),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

In addition to our ubiquitous "Live Search", Pleiades provides a sophisticated
"Advanced Search" form for more complicated queries. Here are some tips for
using it.

Quick, basic searching for strings of text in titles, descriptions, place
names, and other portions of Pleiades content can be done via our landing page
search box or the "live search" box that appears on most Pleiades pages. For
information on using these tools, see [How to search for things in
Pleiades](how-to-search "How to search for things in Pleiades" ).

Sometimes these simple search methods are not enough to zoom in on what you're
after. That's where Advanced Search comes in. You can get to the Advanced
Search form by clicking on the "Advanced Search..." link in the live Search
widget in the right-hand column of most Pleiades pages. Or you can go directly
to page by pasting this link into your browser:
[http://pleiades.stoa.org/search_form](../search_form).

The Advanced Search form groups the criteria settings for your search into
five tabs (basic terms; categorization; authorship, citation, and provenance;
geolocation parameters; and workflow details). You can set as many or few
criteria as you like, on any combination of the tabs, and then click the
"Advanced Search" button at the bottom of the page to execute the
corresponding search.

Here are some examples:

### Search for a particular category of place or location

To search for all places of type "aqueduct":

  1. visit the "Advanced Search" page
  2. click on the "categorization" tab
  3. select "aqueduct" in the "Feature Categories" list box
  4. click the "Advanced Search" button

### Search for content contributed by a particular person

To search for all content contributed by Pleiades user Frazer Brown:

  1. visit the "Advanced Search" page
  2. click on the "authorship, citation, and provenance" tab
  3. enter "fbrown" in the "author" field
  4. click the "Advanced Search" button.
Notes:  

  * You need to know the Pleiades user's username. You can find these via the [User Search](../Members) page.
  * For a query such as this, it may be easier to visit the Pleiades [Credits](../credits) page and click on the links next to a user's name to get a similar search result (but see combined query terms below). 

### Search for all content objects of a particular type

To search for all positional accuracy assessments:

  1. visit the "Advanced Search" page
  2. click on the "workflow details" tab
  3. under the "Item Type" heading, click "Select All/None" to clear all the item type checkboxes
  4. put a check in the checkbox next to "positional accuracy assessment"
  5. click the "Advanced Search" button at the bottom of the page.

### Search for a particular type of content contributed by a particular type
of person

To search for all mountain passes with content contributed by Jeffrey Becker:

  1. Visit the "Advanced Search" page
  2. click the "categorization" tab
  3. in the "feature categories" list box, select "pass"
  4. click the "authorship, citation, and provenance" tab
  5. in the "contributor" textbox, enter the string "jbecker" (without the quotation marks)
  6. click the "Advanced Search" button at hte bottom of the page 

### Search for all content in a particular workflow state, contributed by a
particular person, in a particular time frame

Note: this only works for users who have been given reviewer or editor roles.

To search for all content in "pending review" state, contributed by Ryan
Horne, in the last month:

  1. Visit the "Advanced Search" page
  2. click on the "authorship, citation, and provenance" tab
  3. in the "contributor" textbox, enter the string "rhorne" (without the quotation marks)
  4. click on the "workflow details" tab
  5. under the "new items since" heading, select "last month" from the combo box
  6. under the "review status" heading, click the "Select All/None" checkbox to clear all the review status checkboxes
  7. put a check in the checkbox next to "pending review" 
  8. click the "Advanced Search" button at the bottom of the page

Related content

  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/document_icon.gif) [How to search for things in Pleiades](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/how-to-search "Learn how to find a place by its ancient or modern name, and in other ways." )

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 24, 2013 06:54 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 24, 2013 06:54 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 24, 2013 06:50 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 24, 2013 06:42 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 24, 2013 06:35 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 24, 2013 06:29 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/using-advanced-
search/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

