You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Are there any plans in the future for
new visualization tools?

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  Are there any plans in the future for new visualization tools?

tags:  [concept](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=concept),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase) Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing
and remixing permitted under terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:14 PM

Maybe, for example, side by side comparisons of data sets?

Our philosophy on the design on visualization tools is this: there will always
be more and better visualization designers and programmers on the web than
Pleiades can employ. Putting our stuff on the web with a variety of
representations (JSON, KML, Atom) makes it available to different
visualization platforms.  
  
That said, we've got very specific needs for new visualizations that help
Pleiades users see data coverage, data quality, and that first and foremost
drive improvements of the data. Logged-in users currently see maps that cry
for help. We'd like these maps to cry out more clearly and effectively.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:14 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 03:08 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 03:08 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 24, 2011 04:45 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/visualization-
tools/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

