You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Can I add a link to a Wikipedia or
DBpedia article?

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  Can I add a link to a Wikipedia or DBpedia article?

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Contributors: [Sean Gillies](/author/sgillies), [Scott
Vanderbilt](/author/sarcanon)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:22 PM

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[contributing](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=contributing),
[place](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=place)

Please add links to Wikipedia articles where they are relevant. The structure
and extent of Wikipedia content has a significant and growing effect on the
way search engines and other systems organize results and structure other
content. There are some easy steps you can take to add a Wikipedia reference
to a Pleiades Place resource that will help our content show up in, and have a
useful influence on, the emerging graph of ancient world data (and the web as
a whole).

Adding links to other web resources is easy, check out [How to add a new
reference (link, article, book) to an existing place resource](add-new-
reference "How to add a new reference \(link, article, book\) to an existing
place resource" ) for the step-by-step instructions. But first, if you're
doing a Wikipedia article, read on:

### Standard Format for a Wikipedia Article Link

If you wish to cite a Wikipedia article on a Place resource because it
addresses the same ancient place, please follow these procedures:

  1. Find the appropriate article in Wikipedia and copy its URI for the appropriate page (e.g., <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buthrotum>). Note also the title of the article.
  2. Add or check out and edit a Pleiades Place resource.
  3. Fill out the various fields appropriately.
  4. Add a reference to the Place resource ("References" tab). [See FAQ 21 for overall guidance on references](21).
  5. In the "Reference identifier" field, paste in the Wikipedia URI.
  6. In the "Specific citation" field, type a short, human-readable reference that looks like this example: "Wikipedia, Buthrotum". If you are citing an article from an edition of Wikipedia that is in a language other than English, please indicate the language in parentheses (e.g., "Wikipedia (Greek), Βουθρωτό"). Typically, the date of retrieval should be omitted. See Retrieval Dates below for more information.
  7. Set a "Citation Type". This will usually be "See Further", but see Citation Types below for more information.  

  8. Click "Save" 
  9. Submit for review.

### Citation Types  

In almost all cases, references to Wikipedia should use the "See Further"
citation type. However, if you wish to cite a Wikipedia article on a Name
resource because that article provides evidence for current usage of a modern
name variant, please follow the same procedures indicated above (only with a
Name resource, rather than a Place) and set the "Citation Type" to "Cites as
Evidence".

For more detailed information on Citation Types, see [Citation of external
resources](../docs/citation-of-external-resources "Citation of external
resources" ).

### Retrieval Dates

For the sake of brevity, you should omit the retrieval date from the Wikipedia
short reference, except when citing a Wikipedia article with the "Cites as
Evidence" citation type. In this case, the date of access should be included
in the following form: "Wikipedia, Buthrotum (27 October 2012)"

### Change Notice: Add a Wikipedia article link rather than a dbPedia Link

In an earlier version of this FAQ, we urged contributors to link to
dbpedia.org, rather than to Wikipedia on the grounds that this would better
facilitate linked data applications. We have now changed our minds, and urge
our contributors to standardize on Wikipedia links, rather than dbpedia. We
are retrospectively converting dbpedia links to Wikipedia. As needed, we can
generate dbpedia.org URIs in our linked data outputs on the basis of the
Wikipedia articles. There is no need for our contributors to go to the extra
work of manually finding these.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:22 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=13#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=13)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=13&two=12 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jan 24, 2013 09:35 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=12#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=12)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=12&two=11 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jan 24, 2013 09:29 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=11#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=11)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=11&two=10 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jan 11, 2013 10:29 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=10#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=10)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=10&two=9 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:58 AM 

fixed busted link

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=9#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=9)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=9&two=8 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:28 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=8&two=7 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:28 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=7&two=6 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 26, 2012 05:46 PM 

updated to match current editorial policy

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=6&two=5 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 27, 2012 06:34 PM 

modified title and description

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 27, 2012 06:32 PM 

updated to prefer Wikipedia links and provide how to

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 27, 2012 06:32 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 03, 2011 04:37 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 03, 2011 04:37 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 18, 2011 05:03 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-
links/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

