You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Citation Guide

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  Citation Guide

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Contributors: [Jeffrey Becker](/author/jbecker), [Brian
Turner](/author/bdturner), [Sean Gillies](/author/sgillies)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  May 21, 2015 03:05 PM

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),  [portlet:place
s](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=portlet%3Aplaces),
[policy](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=policy)

Examples of how to cite books, articles, and websites in the "references"
sections of Pleiades place, name, and location resources (including commonly
used abbreviations and short titles).

Contents

    

## Commonly Cited Resources

You can learn more about the mechanics of entering references in [How to add a
new reference (link, article, book) to an existing place resource](add-new-
reference "How to add a new reference \(link, article, book\) to an existing
place resource" ). For more information on how we use references, and on how
to choose the "reference type" when entering them, please consult [Citation of
external resources](citation-of-external-resources "Citation of external
resources" ).

For commonly cited resources, we generally prefer an abbreviation or short
title, followed by a comma and then the title of the article or entry in the
cited work, but you will note some variations in this approach for specific
works below. When citing works originally published in print, we always try to
provide a link to an online version if available. Older content in Pleiades
(i.e., that which predates publication of this guide) or that which has been
imported from other datasets may exhibit other variations in citation
practice.

**Note: **For common works related to the Greek and Roman classics not mentioned in this guide, please follow the abbreviation conventions of the _Barrington Atlas of the Greek and Roman World_ or, failing thatþ, the _Oxford Classical Dictionary_.

**Brill's New Pauly (English version)**

Use the link provided by Brill Online in the "citation" block, not necessarily
the link in your browser location window.

  

  * **Reference Identifier:** http://referenceworks.brillonline.com/entries/brill-s-new-pauly/naarda-e815560
  * **Specific Citation:** New Pauly, Naarda

(see also "Der Neue Pauly" herein)  

**Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum (CIL)**

  * (to be added)

**Epigraphic Database Roma (EDR)**

  * (to be added)

**Epigraphische Datenbank Heidelberg (EDH)**

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://edh-www.adw.uni-heidelberg.de/edh/inschrift/HD007455
  * **Specific Citation: **EDH HD007455

**Geonames.org**

Use the link labeled by Geonames as "permalink", rather than a search result
or other page.

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.geonames.org/312495/hasan-dagi.html
  * **Specific Citation:** geonames:312495

NB: when copying coordinates from Geonames directly into a new Pleiades
_location_, the reference type should be set to "Cites as data source" and a
string like the following example should be added to the "initial provenance"
field on the location:

  * GeoNames GeoNameId: 312495

**Inscriptiones Graecae**

We cite IG after the model of the [PHI Greek
Inscriptions](http://epigraphy.packhum.org/inscriptions/) project (e.g., IG
IV²,1 95). Pleiades reference fields do not permit superscript, therefore
where the convention is to use superscript (e.g., to represent edition
number), we prefix with a caret (^; e.g., IG IV^2,1 95). Line numbers and
ranges for same can be appended after a full stop (period). **  
**

  * **Reference Identifier: **IG IV^2,1 95.34  

Note that, whenever possible, we should also add a corresponding link to the
PHI entry for such an inscription (see below).

**Livius.org**

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.livius.org/fa-fn/faqra/faqra.html
  * **Specific Citation:** Livius.org, Faqra

**Der Neue Pauly (German version)**

Use the link provided by Brill Online in the "citation" block, not necessarily
the link in your browser location window).

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://referenceworks.brillonline.com/entries/der-neue-pauly/hadrianopolis-e501190
  * **Specific Citation:** NPauly, Hadrianopolis

(see also "Brill's New Pauly" herein)  

**OpenStreetMap (OSM)**

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.openstreetmap.org/browse/node/633024977
  * **Specific Citation:** osm:node=633024977

**The Peutinger Map (the so-called "Tabula Peutingeriana")**

The Peutinger Map is an ancient work (a "primary source"). Unlike many ancient
literary texts, it does not have a long-standing canonical system of citation
developed by humanist scholars. We prefer citations to the TP to be
constructed using the grid reference system developed by Richard Talbert for
his book Rome's World, as exemplified below. Such citations are to be
accompanied by links to Talbert's digital edition (aka "database"), which is
published online by Cambridge University Press.

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.cambridge.org/us/talbert/talbertdatabase/TPPlace997.html
  * **Specific Citation:** TP 2A5 Ad Renvm (Talbert 997)

> (see further: [How does one cite the Tabula Peutingeriana?](tpeut "How does
one cite the Tabula Peutingeriana?" ))

**PHI Greek Inscriptions**

When citing an inscription that is also included in _Searchable Greek
Inscriptions: A Scholarly Tool in Progress._ Packard Humanities Institute.
<http://epigraphy.packhum.org/inscriptions/>, you should add a reference for
the PHI entry using the PHI ID-based permalink for the inscription, as
follows:

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://epigraphy.packhum.org/inscriptions/oi?ikey=265198
  * **Specific Citation:** PHI 265198

The PHI number can be found near the lower right-hand corner of any
inscription page on the PHI site. You can (and should) omit query terms
trailing the inscription key number in the PHI "permalinks" (lower right-hand
corner of a PHI page; e.g., &bookid=7&region=2&subregion=2).  
  
When citing an inscription in a print corpus, e.g., IG, the PHI citation can
be combined, thus:  
  

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://epigraphy.packhum.org/inscriptions/oi?ikey=28524
  * **Specific Citation:** PHI 28524 = IG IV^2,1 95.34  

**Pliny the Elder's Natural History**

When possible, cite Mayhoff's edition and link to the online copy at Perseus
or the Packard Humanities Institute.

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=Perseus%3Atext%3A1999.02.0137%3Abook%3D3%3Achapter%3D13
  * **Specific Citation:** Plin. NH (Mayhoff: Perseus), 3.13

or

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://latin.packhum.org/loc/978/1/353/40-47#353
  * **Specific Citation:** Plin. NH (Mayhoff: PHI), 5.88.1

**Princeton Encyclopedia of Classical Sites**

When possible, cite the online, digitized version at Perseus, using the full
title for the site entry.

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=Perseus%3Atext%3A1999.04.0006%3Aalphabetic+letter%3DA%3Aentry+group%3D1%3Aentry%3Dabodiacum
  * **Specific Citation:** PECS (Perseus), ABODIACUM (Epfach) Upper Bavaria, Germany

**Ptolemy's Geography**

There have been a number of editions of Ptolemy published over the years. Some
have treated the whole work, others only parts. Therefore all citations of
Ptolemy in Pleiades need to be glossed with the edition used. Pleiades
contributors are encouraged to use the preferred citation method (below), but
the editors realize that many will not have access to that particular edition.
Therefore, we provide guidance on citing all relevant editions. Some editions
are described here because they were used in data previously imported into
Pleiades from the Barrington Atlas.

The editors' preference is for citations of Alfred Stückelberger & Gerd
Grasshof (2006) Ptolemaois: Handbuch der Geographie. 2 Volumes. Schwabe (not
available online) in the following format:

  * **Specific Citation:** Ptol. (Stückelberger), X.X

The following other editions may be cited when appropriate (e.g., when the
user does not have access to Stückelberger).

_C. Müller, 2 vols. + maps, Paris, 1883-1901 (used by BAtlas in citing Ptolemy
Books 1-5)_

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/49801572
  * **Specific Citation:** Ptol. (Müller), X.X

_C.F.A. Nobbe, Leipzig, 1833-45 (used by BAtlas in citing Ptolemy Books 6-8,
except 6.1-6.21)_

  * Ptol. (Nobbe), X.X

> If possible, link to the appropriate volume in Google books:

>     * Vol1: http://books.google.com/books?id=9fzit_i9isUC

    * Vol2: http://books.google.com/books?id=vHMCAAAAQAAJ

> If not, link to the worldcat record: http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/23814360

_H. Humbach and S. Ziegler, Ptolemy Geography, Book 6, Part 1, Wiesbaden, 1998
(used by BAtlas in citing Ptolemy 6.1-6.21)_

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/40415940
  * **Specific Citation:** Ptol. (Humbach), X.X

_L. Renou, La géographie de Ptolémée. L’Inde. (VII, 1-4), Paris, 1925 (used by
BAtlas in citing Ptolemy Book 7)_

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/7037194
  * **Specific Citation:** Ptol. (Renou), X.X

**Scriptores Historiae Augustae (SHA; authors of the Augustan Histories)**

When possible, cite Hohl's edition and link to the appropriate section in the
digital copy online at the Packard Humanities Institute.

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://latin.packhum.org/loc/2331/26/27/48-59#27
  * **Specific Citation:** SHA Aurel (Hohl: PHI), 26.1.1

**Smith's Geography**

Although long-superseded for many of its entries by more recent scholarly
publications, William Smith's Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography (1854)
remains an admirable and useful reference work, providing information about
attested names and their sources. Its value is significantly enhanced by its
digitization and online publication in the Perseus Digital Library at Tufts
University. For all these reasons, citations of Smith's Geography are welcome
in Pleiades after the following model:

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=Perseus%3Atext%3A1999.04.0064%3Aalphabetic+letter%3DT%3Aentry+group%3D16%3Aentry%3Dturris-libyssonis-geo
  * **Specific Citation:** Smith 1854 (Perseus), TURRIS LIBYSSONIS

**Stephanus of Byzantium**

When possible, cite Meineke's edition and include a link to the appropriate
page of the digitized copy in Google Books.

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=MMZiAAAAMAAJ&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false
  * **Specific Citation:** StByz (Meineke: Google) Πάλμυρα

**Strabo's Geography**

  * (to be added)

**Supplementum Epigraphicum Graecum**

Link to Brill's online edition of SEG and construct a short-form citation for
the specific inscription following the model SEG volume number inscription
number:

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://referenceworks.brillonline.com/entries/supplementum-epigraphicum-graecum/bardaskoy-epitaph-of-the-son-of-mammis-42-1249-a42_1249
  * **Specific Citation:** SEG 42 1249

**UNESCO World Heritage List**

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://whc.unesco.org/en/list/1348/
  * **Specific Citation:** UNESCO World Heritage List, Ancient Villages of Northern Syria

**Wikimapia**

  * (to be added)

**Wikipedia**

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sparta
  * **Specific Citation:** Wikipedia, Sparta
  * (see further: [Can I add a link to a Wikipedia or DBpedia article?](wikipedia-links "Can I add a link to a Wikipedia or DBpedia article?" ))

## Other Articles, Books and Websites

**Whole books and articles in books**

When a digital version of the book or article being cited is available online
in its entirety, include the URL for accessing that digitized copy directly in
the "Reference Identifier" field. When no digital version is available,
provide a link to a corresponding record in Worldcat or in the Open Library
(when linking to Worldcat, be sure to use their "permalink" rather than the
URL that appears in your browser's location bar after a search).

Construct the contents of the "Citation" box following [the conventions of the
_American Journal of Archaeology_](http://www.ajaonline.org/submissions#4) as
applied to their "List of Works Cited" (omit italics). Place of publication
and publisher name may be omitted.

_Whole book:_

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.worldcat.org/title/hal-saflieni-hypogeum-paola/oclc/62251430
  * **Specific Citation:** Pace, A. 2004. The Hal Saflieni Hypogeum: Paola. Valletta: Heritage Malta.

_Article in a book (article available online):_

  * **Reference Identifier: **>>> URL example to be added
  * **Specific Citation:** Snodgrass, A. 1990. "Survey Archaeology and the Rural Landscape of the Greek City." In The Greek City from Homer to Alexander, edited by O. Murray and S. Price, 113–36.

_  
_

_Article in a book (article not available online):_

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/772600501
  * **Specific Citation:** Kirwan, L. 1982. "Greek and roman expeditions to the Southern Sudan." In Culture history in the southern Sudan : archaeology, linguistics, and ethnohistory, edited by J. Mack and P. Robertshaw, 71-74.

**Article in a Journal**

When a digital version of the article being cited is available online in its
entirety, include the URL for accessing that digitized copy directly in the
"Reference Identifier" field. When no digital version is available, provide a
link to a record corresponding to the journal in Worldcat or in the Open
Library, if possible (when linking to Worldcat, be sure to use their
"permalink" rather than the URL that appears in your browser's location bar
after a search).

Construct the contents of the "Citation" box following [the conventions of the
_American Journal of Archaeology_](http://www.ajaonline.org/submissions#4) as
applied to their "List of Works Cited" (omit italics).

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.persee.fr/web/revues/home/prescript/article/dha_0755-7256_1992_num_18_2_2026
  * **Specific Citation:** G. Tsetskhladze. 1992. "Greek Colonization of the Eastern Black Sea Littoral (Colchis)." Dialogues d'histoire ancienne 18:223-258.

**Whole websites**

When citing the entirety of a website other than those listed above (e.g., an
excavation website or other site devoted wholly to the place or location you
are treating), simply place the URL for the site in the "Reference Identifier"
field and the site's title (or a reasonably abridgment of same if excessively
long) in the "Citation" box.

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://www.um.edu.mt/arts/classics-archaeo/projects/tassilg
  * **Specific Citation:** Tas-Silg Excavation Project

**Individual web pages and blog posts**

To the extent possible, treat the citation of individual web pages and blog
posts in the same manner as journal articles. Volume and page numbers will, of
course, generally be omitted as irrelevant, but otherwise follow this example:

  * **Reference Identifier: **http://mediterraneanworld.wordpress.com/2013/02/25/re-imagining-the-basilica-at-ef2-at-polis-chrysochous/
  * **Specific Citation:** Caraher, B. 2013. "Re-imagining the Basilica at EF2 at Polis-Chrysochous." The Archaeology of the Mediterranean World.

Related content

  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/document_icon.gif) [Citation of external resources](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-of-external-resources "How Pleiades considers and models citation of external resources" )
  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/document_icon.gif) [Can I add a link to a Wikipedia or DBpedia article?](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/wikipedia-links "Please add links to Wikipedia articles where they are relevant. The structure and extent of Wikipedia content has a significant and growing effect on the way search engines and other systems organize results and structure other content. There are some easy steps you can take to add a Wikipedia reference to a Pleiades Place resource that will help our content show up in, and have a useful influence on, the emerging graph of ancient world data \(and the web as a whole\)." )
  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/document_icon.gif) [How does one cite the Tabula Peutingeriana?](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/tpeut "The so-called "Peutinger Map" is a primary source for a number of names and variants, and there is now an excellent online edition \(Talbert\) that can be cited." )
  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/document_icon.gif) [How to add a new reference (link, article, book) to an existing place resource](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/add-new-reference "" )
  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/document_icon.gif) [I'd like to add a link to an excavation website – where does it belong?](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-links "Specifically, should I add it as a "Reference" from a place resource page or from a location resource page?" )
  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/document_icon.gif) [Citation Policy](http://pleiades.stoa.org/docs/policies/citation-policy "Distinguishing original and derivative work, citing evidence, giving credit where credit is due, and avoiding plagiarism are core values of the Pleiades community." )

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 21, 2015 03:05 PM 

added EDH guidance

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=54#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=54)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=54&two=53 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 21, 2015 02:28 PM 

added field names

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=53#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=53)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=53&two=52 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 21, 2015 02:15 PM 

included in places portlet

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=52#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=52)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=52&two=51 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 21, 2015 02:15 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=51#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=51)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=51&two=50 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 21, 2015 02:14 PM 

updates and formatting

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=50#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=50)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=50&two=49 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 31, 2013 02:12 PM 

changed to subheading in order to get anchors

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=49#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=49)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=49&two=48 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 31, 2013 08:45 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=48#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=48)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=48&two=47 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Sep 24, 2013 11:42 AM 

backup abbreviation guidance

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=47#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=47)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=47&two=46 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 21, 2013 02:26 PM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=46#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=46)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=46&two=45 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 13, 2013 07:11 AM 

example: combining IG and PHI

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=45#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=45)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=45&two=44 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 13, 2013 07:11 AM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=44#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=44)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=44&two=43 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 13, 2013 07:01 AM 

IG/PHI

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=43#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=43)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=43&two=42 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Jun 07, 2013 08:43 PM 

Update method of citing geonames

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=42#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=42)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=42&two=41 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Jun 07, 2013 08:43 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=41#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=41)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=41&two=40 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 31, 2013 10:19 AM 

added rubric (but no guidance as yet) for IG

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=40#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=40)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=40&two=39 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 31, 2013 10:14 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=39#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=39)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=39&two=38 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 17, 2013 03:52 PM 

link SEG to Brill online version

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=38#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=38)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=38&two=37 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 17, 2013 03:49 PM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=37#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=37)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=37&two=36 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 17, 2013 03:41 PM 

SEG & PHI

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=36#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=36)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=36&two=35 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 17, 2013 03:27 PM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=35#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=35)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=35&two=34 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Jeffrey Becker](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/jbecker) on Apr 22, 2013 01:39 PM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=34#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=34)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=34&two=33 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 10, 2013 09:24 AM 

fixed tpeut example reference to include placename as transcribed by talbert

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=33#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=33)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=33&two=32 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 10, 2013 09:21 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=32#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=32)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=32&two=31 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Mar 20, 2013 06:04 AM 

Ptolemy, Geonames, articles. Explanatory notes.

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=31#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=31)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=31&two=30 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Mar 20, 2013 04:48 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=30#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=30)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=30&two=29 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 12, 2013 10:20 AM 

Citation guidance for OpenStreetMap; rubric for guidance for Wikimapia

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=29#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=29)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=29&two=28 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:30 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=28#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=28)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=28&two=27 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Jan 24, 2013 12:23 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=27#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=27)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=27&two=26 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 13, 2012 01:27 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=26#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=26)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=26&two=25 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 13, 2012 01:27 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=25#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=25)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=25&two=24 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 13, 2012 01:23 PM 

StByz, Pliny the Elder, SHA

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=24#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=24)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=24&two=23 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 13, 2012 01:13 PM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=23#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=23)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=23&two=22 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 08, 2012 08:47 AM 

added Pliny the Elder

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=22#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=22)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=22&two=21 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 08, 2012 08:41 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=21#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=21)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=21&two=20 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 06, 2012 10:59 PM 

added Smith's geography

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=20#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=20)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=20&two=19 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 17, 2012 09:22 AM 

added some TBDs

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=19#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=19)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=19&two=18 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 17, 2012 09:22 AM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=18#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=18)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=18&two=17 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 05:37 AM 

added guidance for whole websites cited in their entirety

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=17#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=17)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=17&two=16 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 05:34 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=16#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=16)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=16&two=15 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 05:05 AM 

added guidance for citing whole books

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=15#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=15)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=15&two=14 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:25 AM 

turned on commenting

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=14#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=14)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=14&two=13 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:25 AM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=13#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=13)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=13&two=12 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:21 AM 

related item: citation policy

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=12#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=12)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=12&two=11 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:18 AM 

added policy tag since people may search for it that way

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=11#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=11)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=11&two=10 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:18 AM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=10#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=10)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=10&two=9 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:16 AM 

reformatting

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=9#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=9)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=9&two=8 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:12 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=8&two=7 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:11 AM 

added UNESCO WHL

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=7&two=6 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:09 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=6&two=5 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:06 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:03 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 04:01 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 03:55 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 03:49 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 14, 2012 03:47 AM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/citation-
guide/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

