You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Download the Full Dataset

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download?from=tom.elliott%40n
yu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to navigation](
http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-navigation-tree)

#  Download the Full Dataset

tags:  [using](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=using),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Creators: [Sean Gillies](/author/sgillies), [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)
Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Jun 14, 2013 02:05 PM

Get complete and regular shapshots of all Pleiades resources, available in
multiple formats including CSV, KML, and RDF.

We're committed to data portability, the concept that users should be able to
get out what they put in to data site (and more). Serializations of Pleiades
content into various formats are available for download.

Serializations of Pleiades content into various formats are available via [our
downloads page](../downloads "Data for download" ). Formats available include:
Comma-Separated Value (CSV) and Keyhole Markup Language (KML for Google
Earth), both directly usable in many Geographic Information System (GIS)
programs. Resource Description Framework (RDF) data is also available in both
Turtle and RDF+XML formats.

Note that, because of the graph-like nature of Pleiades, there is no
relational database underneath this system. Consequently, there can be no
complete, high fidelity export to formats like CSV and KML. We try to provide
the most useful data attributes for mapping purposes in these download
formats.

See also: [I see a map for a place, but how do I get the coordinates?](27 "27.
I see a map for a place, but how do I get the coordinates?" )

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 21, 2013 02:25 PM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=10#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=10)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=10&two=9
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jun 14, 2013 02:05 PM 

retitled

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=9#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=9)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=9&two=8
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:27 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=8&two=7
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jan 23, 2013 06:34 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=7&two=6
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jan 11, 2013 10:28 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=6&two=5
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:07 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=5&two=4
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:06 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=4&two=3
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:06 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=3&two=2
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 16, 2011 02:27 PM 

updating to reflect new download formats

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=2&two=1
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 16, 2011 02:20 PM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=1&two=0
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 24, 2011 04:49 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/versions_history_f
orm?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/download/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

