You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Getting Started

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  Getting Started

Creators: [Sean Gillies](/author/sgillies)

Contributors: [Brian Turner](/author/bdturner), [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  May 06, 2015 03:25 PM

tags:  [howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[help:howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help%3Ahowto),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

15 minutes is all it takes to get started as a Pleiades contributor

Although it remains helpful, this document is out of date (and for some reason
the images are busted). We'll fix it and update it as soon as possible. In the
meantime, you may find it helpful to check out the following "how to" videos:

  * [How to login to _Pleiades_](how-to-login-to-pleiades "How to login to Pleiades" ) (less than 5 minutes; includes information on getting an account and recovering a lost password)
  * [How to add a new Place resource to _Pleiades_](https://youtu.be/C7oAHurVz-0) (nearly 25 minutes long, but covers much of the process).

* * *

The simplest view of the physical model of ancient world resources in Pleiades
is the one below. Places contain temporally limited Names and Locations and
may relate to other Places. All of these objects get their own permanent URI
and representations in HTML and other formats.

![entities.png](/images/entities.png/image_large)

Contributors may add a new Name to an existing Place, add a new Location to an
existing Place (directions forthcoming), check out and modify an existing
Place (see the "check out" action in any Place's content toolbar); or, after
searching through existing content to prevent duplication, [add an entirely
new Place](../places/createObject?type_name=Place).

Let's begin by adding a new modern appellation to an existing place in
Pleiades.

### Adding a new modern name

The main source of Pleiades places, the Barrington Atlas, lacks some of the
modern names for ancient places that a researcher may need to spatially
reference modern or translated works. Let's consider the process of adding the
modern English appellation Thebes to the place known to ancient Greeks as
Θῆβαι and transliterated for the Barrington as Thebai,
[http://pleiades.stoa.org/places/786017](../places/786017).

To the left of the map on that place page (and any other) is a list of its
locations and a list of its names. Let's ignore the locations for now and
consider the names in the screenshot below.

![new-name-1.jpg](/images/new-name-1.jpg/image_large)

To the right of the names list header is a plus symbol in square brackets,
[+], bearing a link to a form that allows the addition of new names or
appellations in the context of this place.

![new-name-2.jpg](/images/new-name-2.jpg/image_large)

The _language_ and _name as attested_ fields are absolutely mandatory. A title
for the new resource will be computed from them using the Pleiades
transliteration scheme. "Thebes" in English gets transliterated to "Thebes",
of course. A good _description_ (not shown in the screenshot above) adds value
to the object, and the _details_ field would be the place for etymology of the
appellation.

Further down in the form is the _temporal attestations_ field: click the plus
symbol to make a new attestation, choose the modern time period and the
appropriate level of confidence.

![New Name 3b](/images/new-name-3b/image_large)

Reviewers will insist on references to ancient sources (papyri, inscriptions,
etc) for ancient names. As shown above, a Wikipedia reference will suffice for
a modern name. Meaningful change notes make the version history of a resource
easy to follow and will be appreciated by all.

The form submission button is at the very end. Clicking it creates a new name
in the drafting workflow state. It can't be accessed by the public until
published by a reviewer. Select "Submit for review" from the State menu in the
resource's object toolbar to get the new name into the review list. The
reviewer might ask for some changes (rejection with notes) or might publish it
immediately.

Related content

  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/folder_icon.gif) [Pleiades Partners](http://pleiades.stoa.org/docs/partners "A gallery of examples: who uses Pleiades data, what they use it for and ways to get started yourself. If you're using Pleiades data, add a link to your own project!" )
  * ![](http://pleiades.stoa.org/folder_icon.gif) [Frequently Asked Questions](http://pleiades.stoa.org/faq "And the answers!" )

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 06, 2015 03:25 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=14#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=14)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=14&two=13 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Feb 07, 2013 03:07 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=13#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=13)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=13&two=12 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 12, 2012 04:51 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=12#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=12)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=12&two=11 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 06:02 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=11#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=11)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=11&two=10 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 06, 2012 03:40 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=10#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=10)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=10&two=9 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 29, 2012 12:35 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=9#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=9)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=9&two=8 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 29, 2012 12:34 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=8&two=7 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 29, 2012 12:34 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=7&two=6 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 03, 2011 03:07 PM 

Add categories

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=6&two=5 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 25, 2011 10:46 AM 

added related items

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Jun 29, 2011 12:46 PM 

Explain references and metadata fields

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Jun 29, 2011 12:46 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Jun 29, 2011 12:55 AM 

Always add a meaningful change note

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Jun 29, 2011 12:20 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Jun 28, 2011 07:40 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/getting-
started/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

