You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  How do I use GPS to collect
coordinates for contribution to Pleiades?

[Skip to
content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-navigation-tree)

#  How do I use GPS to collect coordinates for contribution to Pleiades?

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Contributors: [Brian Turner](/author/bdturner)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:55 PM

See our community-generated [Global Positioning System
Guide](http://www.atlantides.org/trac/pleiades/wiki/GPSGuide).

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:55 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=4&two=3
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Feb 07, 2013 03:11 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=3&two=2
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:15 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=2&two=1
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:15 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=1&two=0
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 24, 2011 04:52 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/versions_history_form?v
ersion_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/gps/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

