You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  How do I indicate origin and accuracy
of new location coordinates?

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  How do I indicate origin and accuracy of new location coordinates?

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[locations](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=locations),
[contributing](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=contributing),
[place](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=place)

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Contributors: [Brian Turner](/author/bdturner), [Sean
Gillies](/author/sgillies)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Apr 15, 2015 07:12 PM

If coordinates are sourced directly from another publication, this should be
clearly indicated by adding a reference on the "location" resource. To
indicate the horizontal accuracy (when known) or in cases where coordinates
have been derived through analysis of maps or spatial imagery, Pleiades uses a
special document called an "accuracy assessment".

There are already stock imagery assessment documents in the Pleiades system
that can be re-used when appropriate. When you determine coordinates through
analysis of imagery in Google Earth. Just search for "google" when trying to
link to an accuracy assessment and choose the one containing the most recent
year matching the imagery date you're using. There are also stock accuracy
assessments for [GeoNames](../features/metadata/generic-geonames-accuracy-
assessment), [OpenStreetMap](../features/metadata/generic-osm-accuracy-
assessment), [generic hand-held GPS](../features/metadata/generic-handheld-
gps) units (if you've collected the coordinates on-site yourself), and more.

To view a short video demonstrating how to add an existing imagery assessment
document to a location resource, see <http://youtu.be/g-H6Tn87hyc>.

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Apr 15, 2015 07:12 PM 

updated

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=8&two=7 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:41 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=7&two=6 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Feb 07, 2013 03:09 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=6&two=5 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:25 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 29, 2012 12:38 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 03, 2011 04:28 PM 

Categorize and retitle

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 03, 2011 04:28 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 03, 2011 04:29 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 03, 2011 04:28 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/origin-and-
accuracy/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

