You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  What are "connections?"

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  What are "connections?"

tags:  [concept](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=concept),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help)

Creators: [Sean Gillies](/author/sgillies)

Contributors: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:21 PM

Direct place-to-place relationships allowing the construction of geographic
hierarchies and networks. Rivers to seas, roads to towns, towns to ethnic
regions or provinces.

Pleiades lets users create "connections" between places. "Connections" are
geographic links or relationships between two places, and they are intended
for creating hierarchies (settlements making up a region), networks
(connecting roads to settlements or settlements to rivers), and other
topological relationships (junction, overlap). It is a very coarse-grained
relationship, but it does not extend to cover more general notions of
proximity (e.g., "nearness").

The home page for any place lists the other places to which it makes a
connection and, separately, the other places that make a connection with it.
Connected places are shown in green on place maps.

For overlapping places, hierarchy can be suggested by exploiting
directionality of the connection: a bridge should _make a connection with_ a
river, a pass should _make a connection with_ a mountain range, the chief town
of a tribal territory should _make a connection with_ the place resource for
that territory, a settlement should _make a connection with_ the island on
which (or the region in which) it was located. The island should connect to
the archipelago and/or the body of water in which it rests. I.e., "small"
places make connections with "large" places. Some examples of this technique
may be seen at work in the following places:

  * [Hadrian's Wall](../../places/91358 "Hadrian's Wall" ): individual forts, milecastles, turrets, and other components of the Wall network each have their own Place resources, and each of these Places _makes a connection with_ the Place resource for the wall itself. 
  * Many of the settlements on the island of [Sardinia](../../places/472014 "Sardinia Ins." ) _make connections with_ the island.
  * [Nîmes aqueduct](../../places/148738) is geographically connected with the spring at [Ura Fons](../../places/148224), with the [Pont du Gard](../../places/149496/), and ultimately with the city of [Nemausus](../../places/148142).

In networks, connections should follow the direction of flow, where
appropriate. Thus Pleiades can express geographic connections between rivers,
ports, and unbounded bodies of water like the [Ledus
river](../../places/148110 "Ledus fl." ), [Lattara](../../places/148107
"Lattara" ), the [Taurus/Volcarum Stagna](../../places/148211 "Taurus/Volcarum
Stagna" ), and the [Gallicum Mare](../../places/148089 "Gallicum Mare" ).

**Adjoining areas (open water?) TBD**

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:21 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=9#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=9)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=9&two=8 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:21 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=8&two=7 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 05, 2013 03:29 PM 

updates

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=7&two=6 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jan 30, 2013 04:26 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=6&two=5 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 20, 2012 04:32 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 20, 2012 04:32 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 16, 2012 04:18 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 16, 2012 04:17 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 16, 2012 04:17 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Dec 16, 2012 04:16 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare
with current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/what-are-
connections/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

