You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  Do I need a Pleiades account to see
published Pleiades content?

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous?from=tom.elliott%40
nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to navigation]
(http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-navigation-tree)

#  Do I need a Pleiades account to see published Pleiades content?

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase) Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing
and remixing permitted under terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
License (cc-by).

Last modified  May 06, 2015 03:18 PM

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help),
[settings](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=settings),
[faq](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=faq),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[using](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=using)

No. Anyone with a web browser and access to the internet can access all
published Pleiades content.

You can find the content you're looking for via our [search
form](../search_form) or by [browsing links via one of our starting
points](../places/). In addition, you can [download an export of
everything](../downloads/) to use in a spreadsheet or database or Geographic
Information System (GIS) as you like.

If you want to participate in the publication review process or if you want to
submit corrections, improvements or original content of your own, then you'll
need to [request an
account](http://www.atlantides.org/trac/pleiades/wiki/PleiadesCommunity).

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on May 06, 2015 03:18 PM 

added using and adding categories

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=8#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=8)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=8&two=7
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:26 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=7#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=7)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=7&two=6
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jan 23, 2013 06:20 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=6&two=5
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Jan 11, 2013 10:27 AM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=5&two=4
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:15 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=4&two=3
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:15 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=3&two=2
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 04, 2011 12:00 PM 

updated with better links and guidance for downloading

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=2&two=1
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 04, 2011 11:54 AM 

Baseline created

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=1&two=0
"Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 24, 2011 04:51 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/versions_history_
form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with current
revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/anonymous/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

