You are here: [Home](http://pleiades.stoa.org/home) →
[Help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help) →  I'd like to add a link to an
excavation website – where does it belong?

[Skip to content.](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-
agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#documentContent) | [Skip to
navigation](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links?from=tom.elliott%40nyu.edu&user-agent=Paregoriosian%2F0.1#portlet-
navigation-tree)

#  I'd like to add a link to an excavation website – where does it belong?

tags:  [adding](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=adding),
[help](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=help),
[howto](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=howto),
[contributing](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=contributing),
[place](http://pleiades.stoa.org/search?Subject%3Alist=place)

Creators: [Tom Elliott](/author/thomase)

Contributors: [Brian Turner](/author/bdturner), [Sean
Gillies](/author/sgillies)

Copyright © The Contributors. Sharing and remixing permitted under terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (cc-by).

Last modified  Feb 11, 2013 02:44 PM

Specifically, should I add it as a "Reference" from a place resource page or
from a location resource page?

A _place_ resource is the best spot from which to link to general resources
elsewhere on the web (or in print) that serve a "more information" or "see
also" function.

In contrast, an external reference linked from a Pleiades _location_ resource
ought to be providing specific evidence for the coordinates themselves (i.e.,
it is the resource from which the coordinates were sourced).

Of course an excavation website might serve both purposes (and perhaps
therefore merit a link in both contexts), but generally they provide so much
more information than just the location and extent of the remains that they
ought to be linked from the Pleiades _place_ resource.

From _name_ resource pages we ought to have two kinds of references: (1)
citation of a primary source that provides that variant (sub "primary
reference citations", and (2) citations of discussions relevant to
interpretation of the name itself (sub "references"). See, for example, how
this is handled for [Stauropolis](../places/638753/stauropolis "Stauropolis"
).

For a discussion of the way Pleiades models and structures information --
including definitions of _place_, _location_ and _name_ resources -- please
see the [Technical Introduction to Places](../docs/technical-intro-places
"Technical Introduction to Places" ).

History

    

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Feb 11, 2013 02:44 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=6#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=current&two=6)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=6&two=5 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Brian Turner](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/bdturner) on Feb 07, 2013 03:14 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=5#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=current&two=5)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=5&two=4 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 07, 2012 01:24 PM 

Edited

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=4#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=current&two=4)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=4&two=3 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Oct 29, 2012 12:28 PM 

added number 23 to title

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=3#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=current&two=3)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=3&two=2 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 03, 2011 04:27 PM 

Categorize and retitle

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=2#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=current&two=2)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=2&two=1 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Sean Gillies](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/sgillies) on Dec 03, 2011 04:27 PM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=1#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=current&two=1)

[ ↑ Compare ↓ ](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=1&two=0 "Compare with previous revision" )

  * Edited by [Tom Elliott](http://pleiades.stoa.org/author/thomase) on Nov 02, 2011 10:51 AM 

Initial revision

[View this revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/versions_history_form?version_id=0#version_preview) · [Compare with
current revision](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/website-
links/@@history?one=current&two=0)

##### Document Actions

  * [Print this](javascript:this.print\(\); "" )

